Noted the profound interest piaffe been done it's time to implement them.
It is sad or angry application in this video to learn how to fetch information for each user.
Let's start by opening up or text editor and opening up their service.
Here is create a get profile method which will fetch the profile information for user in such here.
We will check if the users are locked in and as a token start on the browser.
If the token is stolen browser the app will get the user's profile using the link or here then the users
will be safe to use a variable.
There are serious if an error occurs error will be displayed.
Now let's open our app component
inside the constructor code to get Prometa which will get to use this profile.
When the user first uses our app also in the lock on meant that we will clear a user object every time
the user locks out from our app.
Now let's open up our registration component
here.
We will code to get profile Methot when the user is successfully registered.
Now let's open up in.
Here we will also code a get Prometa.
When a user has been successfully locked in.
Now let's open up a component DML
will load the account spend a nurse spend has an edit which will display the user name this ban will
only be visible when the user is locked in.
In this we deal have set up to get Prometa which fetches the profile information for users.
Next we deal with creating the Profar component.